Add Project Description (#2)
theianjones/shoulditraintoday: README.md

[![Depfu](https://badges.depfu.com/badges/3510c0fc8a9b17a045ef2389a436fe9d/count.svg)](https://depfu.com/github/theianjones/shoulditraintoday?project_id=27149)

# ![](https://res.cloudinary.com/dpspogkzf/image/upload/v1618869726/shoulditrain/logo_wl1ezx.svg) shoulditrain.today

This project is based on a [quiz from a local (Northern VA, USA) nutrition company](https://www.instagram.com/p/CL7kiaqnP80/). Essentially, it is an 8 question quiz where the user must self-assess their answers. We then apply points to the answers that the user gives. At the end of the quiz, we perform a calculation and give a "% of readiness" for the user to expect from themselves.

> This number is by no means definitive after taking the quiz consistently, it would give you a good baseline of how ready you feel to train on a given day.

Reviewer: The phrasing here is a little confusing.

-> This number is by no means definitive but after taking the quiz consistently you should see what a good baseline recovery is for yourself on any given day. This number will represent how ready you feel to train on that day

> This number is by no means definitive after taking the quiz consistently, it would give you a good baseline of how ready you feel to train on a given day.

Author: ```suggestion
This number is by no means definitive but after taking the quiz consistently you should see what a good baseline recovery is for yourself on any given day. This number will represent how ready you feel to train on that day
```

So here is an example of what a question would be:

How many days in a row have you trained?

The user would be prompted to select one of these answers:

- 4+ days
- 3 days
- 2 days
- 1 day
- Coming off a rest day

## Project Breakdown

There are two main parts to this app:

1. Capturing and storing user information
2. Displaying the history of user information

From a technical standpoint, this project demonstrates a few application state problems.

> The form itself has quite a bit of state. Theres user entered information you have to keep track of. Along with that, theres user progress threw a somewhat lengthy quiz that needs to be accounted for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The form itself has quite a bit of state. There's user-entered information you have to keep track of. Along with that, there's user progress through a somewhat lengthy quiz that needs to be accounted for.
```
